
                      Improving the Automation of Scaling-up an OpenHPC Cluster
          (Gathering Mac Address of Internal Network by Redfish/IPMI Hardware Management Tools)

In the current OpenHPC methodology for creating a cluster, we need to have the list of Mac addresses of all the compute nodes in advance and type them in the “input.local” file. It is a time-consuming step, especially for big data centers with a massive number of compute nodes. 
A baseboard management controller (BMC) is a dedicated processor inside the machine responsible for managing and monitoring the hardware layer of compute nodes, servers, or network devices. BMC performs these tasks through an individual independent connection.  IPMI (Intelligent Platform Management Interface) is one of the popular traditional standards used to monitor and control the health and functionality of a system at the hardware layer.    Redfish is a new hardware-based management technology designed as the next-generation management standard. It is possible to get access to the BMC of a machine using IPMI or Redfish and manage and monitor the hardware layer of that. For instance, it is possible to gather The MAC address of the network interfaces or the mac address of the BMC  using those tools. 
This project aims to use IPMI and Redfish to get access to the BMC of the nodes and gather the MAC address of the selected internal interface. It helps to automate the process of adding nodes to the cluster better than it has been.  
By starting from BMC, one possible method would be to set all nodes to use DHCP  for their BMC addresses. And then, use the BMC to explore the Mac addresses of the interfaces and allow the user to select which will be the provisioning interface, which will be the control interfaces. The proposed method is the opposite of what we usually do: to shoot a node by knowing its mac address by manually harvesting it—then shooting the image. Once the image is up, then it gets provisioned through the BMC. But the proposed method is backward.
The new method makes the new nodes auto-discovered, and you never have to write down their mac addresses. Therefore, the proposed method improves the automation of scaling up a cluster using hardware management tools.

The tool provides two options for users. 
1)	Network discovery: it gets a range of BMC-IP addresses and checks the list of interfaces they have. It saves the information in a JSON file.
2)	Expanding the cluster: It gets a range of BMC-IP address, and based on the internal network NIC, it updates input.local file by inserting mac-address of nodes there.


